refactor(core)!: Introduce CaptchaServiceInterface to make captcha generic and update all related services (#138)
roadiz/core-bundle-dev-app: docs/developer/forms/contact_forms.md

You can read more about form events at <https://symfony.com/doc/current/form/events.html>
:::

## Securing your form with a Captcha

Roadiz can seamlessly use *Google reCAPTCHA v3* or *Friendly Captcha v2* to secure your contact form against robots.

> All you need to do is to register on <https://www.google.com/recaptcha/> to ask for a *sitekey* and a *secret*.

Author: ```suggestion
All you need to do is to register on one of the supported Captcha services to ask for a *sitekey* and a *secret*.
```
